What motivates someone to continue knowing more about God?
Can taking a knowledge of our Creator help us to grow in our love for Him?
When you take a knowledge of Jehovah, you see how loving is.
You start to form a deep appreciation for who Jehovah is.
You grow in a motivation to please Him.
And this moves us to grow in our love for Him.
And it moves us to speak about Him.
Since 1943, the Gilead School has been training willing ones to grow in their appreciation and accurate knowledge of God.
Attaining a deeper knowledge and appreciation of Jehovah is still emphasized despite the fact that the focus of Gilead training has changed.
Gilead focus now is to help them to be prepared to stabilize the organization in whatever sign that they might get.
So that when they face various challenges in the future, they can be successful.
With this new focus, knowledge and appreciation behind them, the 137th class of Gilead was now ready for graduation on September 13th, 2014, where their Samuel Hurd introduced the program.
Graduation day for the 137th class of Gilead and what a day is going to be.
John Larson, the United States Branch Committee, developed the theme, The Fruitage of the Spirit, is Patience.
But the thrust of this talk is the application of that quality in two areas.
Number one, patience with Jehovah, number two, patience with ourselves.
To expect perfection out of yourself is totally unrealistic and only leads to disappointment.
Anthony Morris of The Governing Body addressed the audience with the theme, May your heart remain humble and live forever.
You can see pride. It's just like rose bush. It looks beautiful.
But if a worm gets in there and starts getting to the root of the rose bush, it will bloom for a while, looks nice and soon it's dead.
If your figure of heart is going to live forever, then you have to be humble.
We just entreat you. May your hearts remain humble and may you enjoy life forever.
Gilead instructor Michael Burnett turned the class's attention to the importance of God's Holy Spirit.
Jehovah gives his servants enough of his spirit to do the work that they're given to do.
He does not give them an inadequate measure of his spirit.
Jehovah does not give the spirit sparingly. He gives you what you need.
Tempor your natural abilities with humility and an obedient spirit.
And if you do, Jehovah will give you his spirit fully.
Mark Numer referred to 2 Samuel 6 verses 14 and 20.
As the basis for the topic, will you dance with me?
Will you be known as one who was helpful to those with little or no responsibility?
Will you dance with the slave girls? That's the question.
And your attitude and how you treat others will cry resounding yes or no to that very question.
And remember, with more responsibility, it is a victory to do no harm.
You do no harm when you view yourself as a nobody because a nobody does not hurt anybody.
When you think you're a somebody, you hurt everybody.
Brother William Samuelsen directed the audience's attention to some field service experiences of the students.
And pick out the lessons that might be helpful to you in your ministry.
This book, what does the Bible really teach, provides us much more information.
It's a really big Bible.
Brother William Nankis, next interviewed two couples from the 137th class of Gilead.
If I'm in service and the results aren't great, I should remember that Jehovah is shouting with joy because I'm showing my love to him and I should do the same.
Patient endurance with faith. Gilead has really helped me to deeply appreciate these wonderful qualities.
With Jehovah's help, we want to make our life a success story just like that of Abraham and other faithful servants of Jehovah.
The final talk was delivered by Brother Stephen Lett of the governing body.
He spoke on the theme, observe intently the birds of heaven.
He specifically observed geese.
As geese must fly in formation, you must always treasure and stay in your place in Jehovah's organization.
In imitation of geese, let's continue to cherish our place in Jehovah's organization.
We can encourage each other to keep going as we continue our migration from this old system of things to the new world.
Finally, it was time for graduation.
Gilead school helps me to grow in my knowledge, love, and appreciation of Jehovah.
You know that they are growing in appreciation of God's Word and especially in how to apply it.
To begin to see how God's Word has an effect on them.
And of course, that enhances my appreciation for what I'm teaching.
It's like you're going into the classroom with your friends every day. It's a pleasant experience.
So it isn't just a school for evangelizing. It's a school for biblical or divine education that teaches a way of life.
We spend 20 weeks eating, working, laughing, studying all together.
I made friends for eternity and I will never forget them.